{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Georgia;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\cf1\lang1036\b\f0\fs32 Welcome to Selfboot Inducer 5 !\cf0\b0\f1\fs20\par
\par
\b Selfboot Inducer\b0  is a Windows\'ae program made to build a \b DreamInducer\b0  bootable compilation CD-ROM for your \b Sega Dreamcast\b0 .\par
\par
\b DreamInducer \b0 is a \b Dreamcast\b0  program made by \b DCGrendel \b0 allowing you to put multiple homebrew games, emulators, demos or applications onto the same CD. For the history, it was submitted as an entry for the \b DCEmulation's Programming Contest 2002 Edition\b0 .\par
\par
This is the tutorial. That's pretty handy, isn't it?\par
You can switch to this document by clicking the \cf2\b Help \cf0\b0 button in the main menu bar, like you just done before.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f0 <-- How Do I Use Selfboot Inducer? --> \cf0\b0\f1\par
First of all, we need to introduce you to the elements of \b Selfboot Inducer\b0 , and how each one works.  \par
\par
\cf1\b\f0 <- The File List -> \cf0\b0\f1\par
See that window with a list of files in it? It's off to your right in the main screen. If it doesn't have any files listed in it, then you don't have any SBI's in the correct directory. Just put your SBI's in the "\\SBInducr\\packages\\" directory and hit the \cf2\b Refresh \cf0\b0 button. Each of those files should have a check box at its left. If checked, that signifies that that file will be part of your project. If you would like to remove the file from your project, all you need to do is uncheck this box. You can also highlight the filename by clicking on it with your mouse button, then, press the \cf2\b Unselect \cf0\b0 button underneath the file list. If you want, you can locate on your disc the file package, just right-click on the file and select the \cf2\b Locate on Disk \cf0\b0 command.\par
\par
When you click a package name in the file list, the left panel will be updated. This panel contains the SBI comment, explaning you how to use the package (which file you need to add to the compilation, ...). By clicking the \cf2\b Screenshot \cf0\b0 tab, you'll see the screenshot of the package, the last tab is the description shown in \b DreamInducer \b0 GUI.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f0 <- The Menu Options -> \cf0\b0\f1\par
At the bottom left of the \b Selfboot Inducer \b0 GUI, you should see the words \cf2\b Select Menu Type\cf0\b0 , with a combo box below it. In that combobox, you will see three different choices: \cf2\b Multi Menu\cf0\b0 , \cf2\b Single Menu\cf0\b0 , and \cf2\b SBI2Boot\cf0\b0 . Here is a description of each one:  \par
\par
\cf2\b\f0 Multi Menu \cf0\b0\f1\par
If you choose \b Multi Menu\b0 , then each of the different types of SBI will be given its own menu. For instance, if you have three emulators, two applications, and five games on the disc, then, when you load up the disc in your Dreamcast, you will see a menu that lists \cf2\b Apps\cf0\b0 , \cf2\b Games\cf0\b0 , and \cf2\b Emus\cf0\b0 . If you select \cf2\b Games \cf0\b0 from that menu, then you will see a new menu that lists the five games you put on the disc. There is 4 kind of packages available: \cf2\b Apps \cf0\b0 for applications, \cf2\b Demos \cf0\b0 for demonstrations, \cf2\b Games \cf0\b0 for games and \cf2\b Emus \cf0\b0 for emulators.\par
\par
\cf2\b\f0 Single Menu \cf0\b0\f1\par
If you choose \b Single Menu\b0 , then all of your SBI's will be listed on one menu. In other words, when you put the disc in your \b Dreamcast\b0 , you will see one menu that lists all of the \cf2\b Apps\cf0\b0 , \cf2\b Demos\cf0\b0 , \cf2\b Emus \cf0\b0 and \cf2\b Games \cf0\b0 that you put on that disc.  \par
\par
\cf2\b\f0 SBI2Boot \cf0\b0\f1\par
This option allows you to make a single-project selfbooting disc, much like you would do with the plain files and \b BootDreams\b0 , \b BootMake \b0 or other selfbooting tool. In other words, if you decide to use \b SBI2Boot \b0 with the \b Feet of Fury \b0 demo, then, when you put the disc in your \b Dreamcast\b0 , \b Feet of Fury\b0  will load up automatically, all by itself. If you use one of the first two options (\cf2\b Multi \cf0\b0 or \cf2\b Single Menu\cf0\b0 ), then \b Selfboot Inducer \b0 will extract all of the SBI files that have been "selected" in the file list mentioned above. In other words, all of the checked files will be added to your project. If you use the third option (\cf2\b SBI2Boot\cf0\b0 ), then only the highlighted file will be added to your project (a message is shown to confirm if you are sure to do so). So, if you click your mouse on one of the files in the file list, it will be highlighted. That file that is highlighted is the project that will be selfbooted ; so using this option will convert the selected SBI package to a plain files set, which will be selfbootable.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f0 <- Extracting Your Files -> \cf0\b0\f1\par
After you have decided which packages you want to add to your project, and you have decided which type of menu you want to create, then you need to extract your SBI's. In order to do this, all you need to do is click the \cf2\b disc with a lightning icon \cf0\b0 (found in the same frame as the \cf2\b Select Menu Type \cf0\b0 combo box). In the DOS window behind \b Selfboot Inducer\b0 , you will see a status update, letting you know which files are being extracted, and explaining any errors that may occur during the extraction process. After doing so, don't forget the necessary files, like roms or other needed files. After the extraction process, a message is shown asking you to browse the \b disc root \b0 directory (formelly the "Inducer" directory).\par
\par
\cf1\b\f0 <- Cleaning Up -> \cf0\b0\f1\par
When you are finished burning your project (see the information below for info on burning your project), you should clean out your disc root directory. In order to do this, all you need to is press the icon that looks like a \cf2\b trashcan\cf0\b0 . This will delete your disc root directory.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f0 <- Creating A Disc Image -> \cf0\b0\f1\par
If you would like to create an image that will be burned with another program, then you simply need to click on the appropriate icon.  \par
\par
\cf2\b\f0 DiscJuggler \cf0\b0\f1\par
If you would like to create a CDI image that you will need to burn with \b DiscJuggler 4 \b0 or \b Alcohol 120%\b0 ,\b  \b0 then you need to click the icon that looks like a snake.  \par
\par
\cf2\b\f0 Nero Burning Rom\cf0\b0\f1\par
If you would like to create a NRG image, which will need to be burned with either \b Nero 5.x \b0 (or earlier) or \b Alcohol 120%\b0 , then you need to click on the icon that looks like a burning collisseum.  \par
\par
\cf2\b\f0 Alcohol 120%\cf0\b0\f1\par
If you would like to create a MDS image, which will need to be burned with \b Alcohol 120% 1.9.7 \b0 (or earlier), then click the icon that looks like a "A".\par
\par
When the image generation is completed, you will need to close \b Selfboot Inducer \b0 and open the appropriate burning program.\par
You can, if you want, mount your image under a virtual drive (like \b Alcohol \b0 or \b Daemon Tools\b0 ) and test your compilation under a \b Dreamcast \b0 emulator (like \b nullDC \b0 or \b DEmul\b0 ).\par
\par
\cf1\b\f0 <-- How Do I Use CDRecord? -->\cf0\b0\f1\par
If you would like to burn your project through \b Selfboot Inducer\b0 , then you need to follow these steps:\par
\par
\pard\fi-284\li568\b 1) \b0 Click on the \b CDRecord \b0 icon (looks like an open CD case) \par
\b 2)\b0  A new page will appear in the GUI (where the file list was). \par
\b 3)\b0  Insert a blank CD-R (CD-RW doesn't work with the \b Dreamcast\b0 ) in your burner.\par
\b 4)\b0  Choose your burner in the list and the speed you would like to burn the disc. You should never burn any \b Dreamcast \b0 projects at a speed higher than 12x, that's why you can't select a speed superior at 12x.\par
\b 5)\b0  Click on the \cf2\b Burn \cf0\b0 button to start the burning process, click \cf2\b OK \cf0\b0 to confirm.\par
\b 6)\b0  Watch the DOS window to find the status of the burning. 3 seconds after you click the button, you should hear your burner speed up for a minute or so, then slow down. Once the burner stops, you will see the words "Fixating complete" in the DOS window. This will happen two times, one for each session.\par
\b 7) \b0 When the disc is finished, your CD burner will eject itself. \par
\b 8)\b0  Take the disc out of your burner, and place it in your \b Dreamcast\b0 . Enjoy your new project. If, for any reason, you ever need to return to the normal \b Selfboot Inducer \b0 GUI, all you need to do is press the \cf2\b left arrow \cf0\b0 at the bottom of the CDRecord GUI.  \par
\pard\par
\b <-- Credits -->\par
\b0 Here you can find some credits, for the details click the \cf2\b About \cf0\b0 button.\par
\b\par
DCGrendel \b0 - \b DreamInducer\b0\par
\b burnerO \b0 - Original \b Selfboot Inducer \b0 at the lastest v4.0\par
\b Curtiss Grymala\b0  - For this original tutorial, included in \b Selfboot Inducer 4\par
fackue \b0 - Awesome tools and source code that helped me on some minor points\par
\b kRYPT_ - \b0 MR compress/decompression source codes in Delphi\par
\b ADK/Napalm\b0  - png2mr / logoinsert source codes in C\b\par
Marcus - \b0 For selfbooting instruction...\par
\b CDRTools Contributors \b0 - You know why\par
\b UPX \b0 - Because Delphi executables are sooo big...\b\par
\par
\cf3 [big_fury]SiZiOUS / SiZ!\par
\cf4\b0 http://www.sizious.com/\cf3\b\par
\cf0\b0\par
\b\fs16 <-- eof -->\b0\fs20\par
\par
}
 